Update documentation for choreo insights API (#463)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/insights/choreo-insights-api.md

Successful API usage by application filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getSuccessAPIsUsageByApplicationsWithOnPremKey</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#successapiusagebyapplication">SuccessAPIUsageByApplication</a>]</td>
<td>

Returns a list of successful hit counts (i.e., 2xx response codes) within the specified time range for each API,
grouped by each application. Optionally, you can configure the <code>successAPIUsageByAppFilter</code> parameter to further
filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">onPremKey</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Value of the On-Prem key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of the On-Prem key.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

> Time filter

Reviewer: Some descriptions have one or more sentences with punctuation while some descriptions like this have just two words and no punctuation.

To be consistent, convert sentences like this to sentences by adding an article in front and punctuation.

e.g., this description can be changed to "The time filter.".

This comment applies to all the similar descriptions in this document.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">successAPIUsageByAppFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#successapiusagebyappfilter">SuccessAPIUsageByAppFilter</a></td>
<td>

Successful API usage by application filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getCustomReportOvertime</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#customreportovertime">CustomReportOvertime</a></td>
<td>

> Returns summary of hits/ latency data for the inquired time frame grouped into timeSpans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the summary of hits or latency data as specified for the selected time duration, grouped by time spans.
```
- What did you mean by "timeSpans" here and was there a reason to have it as one word and in camel case?
- Does it return either the summary of hits or latency as specified by the user? Is so, we should mention that.
- What is the difference between the "time frame" and "time span" here? Are time spans standard time granularities?

Reviewer 2: - Time spans are standard time granularities. The relevant parameter is declared in camel case in the schema. Other than that there is no need to have it as a single word here in camel case.
- Yes, it returns either the summary of hits or latency depending on the metric specified by the user. 
- Time frame is the 'from x to y' time period that the user specified in the 'timeFilter' and time spans are standard time granularities as mentioned before.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">metric</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#metric">Metric</a>!</td>
<td>

> Metric to retrieve data for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metric for which data needs to be retrieved.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">groupByFields</td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#groupbyfield">GroupByField</a>]!</td>
<td>

> Column/ Field to group the data by

Reviewer: The column/field by which the data should be grouped.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">groupByValues</td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]!</td>
<td>

> Value to filter by on the groupByField

Reviewer: This is not clear. Is the value returned for the groupByField further filtered by something else?

Reviewer 2: `where groupByField == groupByValue`

`groupByValue` is the key value to filter on the relevant 'groupByField'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">granularity</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getCustomReportTopOvertime</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#customreporttopovertime">CustomReportTopOvertime</a></td>
<td>

> Returns summary of hits/ latency data for the inquired time frame grouped into timeSpans for the top N values

Reviewer: See comment on line 1210.

Reviewer 2: Responded in the relevant comment thread

for the selected groupByField

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">metric</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#metric">Metric</a>!</td>
<td>

> Metric to retrieve data for

Reviewer: The metric for which data needs to be retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">groupByFields</td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#groupbyfield">GroupByField</a>]!</td>
<td>

> Column/ Field to group the data by

Reviewer: The column/field by which data needs to be retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">groupByValues</td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]!</td>
<td>

> Value to filter by on the groupByField

Reviewer: This is not clear. Is the value returned for the groupByField further filtered by something else?

Reviewer 2: `where groupByField == groupByValue`

`groupByValue` is the key value to filter by on the relevant `groupByField`

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">granularity</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getGroupByValues</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> Returns a list of distinct group by values for the data available for a selected groupByField

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of values by which you can group the data available for the selected `groupBy` field
```

The sentence is not clear. Gave the suggestion based on how I understood it.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">groupByFields</td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#groupbyfield">GroupByField</a>]!</td>
<td>

> Column/ Field to get the distinct values for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The column/field for which the API needs to retrieve distinct values.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">groupByValues</td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]!</td>
<td>

> Value to filter by on the groupByField

Reviewer: This is not clear. Is the value returned for the groupByField further filtered by something else?

Reviewer 2: `where groupByField == groupByValue`

`groupByValue` is the key value to filter by on the relevant `groupByField`

</tbody>
</table>

### CustomReportGroupBy

> Represents usage data overtime for the selected paramters for a certain groupByValue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the usage data overtime for the selected parameters of a specific `groupByValue`.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>groupByValue</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

> Distinct group by value used as an ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The distinct group-by value that is used as an ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#customreportusage">CustomReportUsage</a>]</td>
<td>

> A list containing the usage values. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

Reviewer: Shall we change the second sentence to "This "returns an empty array if no data is available."

Reviewer 2: ack

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### CustomReportOvertime

Represents usage data overtime for the selected paramters

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#customreportusage">CustomReportUsage</a>]</td>
<td>

> A list containing the usage values. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

Reviewer: Shall we change the second sentence to "This returns an empty array if no data is available."

Reviewer 2: ack

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### CustomReportTopOvertime

> Represents usage data overtime for the selected paramters grouped by the top N groupByValues

Reviewer: "parameters" is misspelt.

What do you mean by "top N groupByValues"?

Reviewer 2: Data is grouped by the values which has the most number of hits in the relevant column or field.

The number of top values is hard coded at the moment as `5`. So this could be changed to 'grouped by the top 5 groupByValues'

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#customreportgroupby">CustomReportGroupBy</a>]</td>
<td>

> A list containing the usage values grouped by the selected groupByField. Returns an empty array if no data is

Reviewer: Shall we change the second sentence to "This returns an empty array if no data is available."?

Reviewer 2: ack

<table>
<thead>
<th align="left">Value</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_NAME</strong></td>
<td>

The API name.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_VERSION</strong></td>
<td>

The API version.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_RESOURCE_TEMPLATE</strong></td>
<td>

The API resource template.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_METHOD</strong></td>
<td>

The API method.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_CREATOR</strong></td>
<td>

The API creator.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>APPLICATION_NAME</strong></td>
<td>

The name of the application.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>APPLICATION_OWNER</strong></td>
<td>

The owner of the application.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>DESTINATION</strong></td>
<td>

The destination.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>USER_AGENT</strong></td>
<td>

The user Agent.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>PLATFORM</strong></td>
<td>

The platform.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>TARGET_RESPONSE_CODE</strong></td>
<td>

The target response code.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Metric

> Represents a metric used in CustomReports.

Reviewer: <code>CustomReports</code>?

</tbody>
</table>

### GroupByField

> Represents an groupByField used in CustomReports.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

"Represents a `groupByField` parameter used in `CustomReports`."

When you use a term in this format (e.g., groupByField), have it in code format and state what it is (e.g., `groupByField` parameter). Please do the same to `CustomReports` as well as all the similar terms in this document.

Reviewer 2: ack

<td>

API Name

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_VERSION</strong></td>
<td>

API Version

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_RESOURCE_TEMPLATE</strong></td>
<td>

API Resource Template

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_METHOD</strong></td>
<td>

API Method

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_CREATOR</strong></td>
<td>

API Creator

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>APPLICATION_NAME</strong></td>
<td>

Application Name

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>APPLICATION_OWNER</strong></td>
<td>

Application Owner

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>DESTINATION</strong></td>
<td>

Destination

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>USER_AGENT</strong></td>
<td>

User Agent

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>PLATFORM</strong></td>
<td>

Platform

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>TARGET_RESPONSE_CODE</strong></td>
<td>

Target Response Code

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Metric

Represents a metric used in CustomReports.

<table>
<thead>
<th align="left">Value</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>HIT_COUNT</strong></td>
<td>

> Number of API calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of API calls.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>RESPONSE_CACHE_HIT</strong></td>
<td>

Number of API calls that used Response Cache

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>REQUEST_MEDIATION_LATENCY</strong></td>
<td>

Request Mediation Latency

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>RESPONSE_MEDIATION_LATENCY</strong></td>
<td>

Response Mediation Latency

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>BACKEND_LATENCY</strong></td>
<td>

Backend Latency

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>TOTAL_LATENCY</strong></td>
<td>

Total Latency

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>API_ERRORS</strong></td>
<td>

> Number of hits with API errors returning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of hits for which API errors are returned.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>TARGET_ERRORS</strong></td>
<td>

> Number of hits with target errors returning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of hits for which target errors are returned.
```
